good boy
Tell me where you're going.
I should go to work.
Chi
This is Lan Lan
Lan Lan will live in our house from now on
This brother in the future?
Take good care of your sister.
I will have a sister in the future. Sister
I will treat your brother in the future
Brother will treat you well all his life
Sure enough, the oath was issued to be violated
Arrived at Achi
You really are with this mute
What are you doing here?
How can I find you if I'm not here?
Get off and go to work
Get in the car and say
What are you doing?
If it's dirty, I'll disinfect it.
Are you still mad at me?
Okay, don't be so stinky
big deal
I won't mention your divorce from him in the future
sir
I told you to come with me for a day
I'll keep you worry-free for a day
If you never get married
Then I will support you for the rest of my life
But I'm obviously with you now
Well, then you have to give me some compensation
Tell me what you want.